Compiling `main`...
Verifying knowledge assertions
Verifying for generic connector
  Verifying when ALL participants are honest
  Verifying when NO participants are honest
Checked 206 theorems; No failures!
warning[RW0000]: The `untrustworthyMaps` option is deprecated. All maps are now trustworthy.

  ./gh-1183.rsh:70:22:property binding

  70|     untrustworthyMaps: false,

For further explanation of this warning, see: https://docs.reach.sh/rsh/errors/#RW0000

WARNING: Compiler instructed to emit for Algorand, but the conservative analysis found these potential problems:
 * Step 17 calls a remote object at ./gh-1183.rsh:291:45:application. This means that Reach's conservative analysis of resource utilization and fees is incorrect, because we cannot take into account the needs of the remote object. Furthermore, the remote object may require special transaction parameters which are not expressed in the Reach API or the Algorand ABI standards.
 * Step 17 calls a remote object at ./gh-1183.rsh:296:34:application. This means that Reach's conservative analysis of resource utilization and fees is incorrect, because we cannot take into account the needs of the remote object. Furthermore, the remote object may require special transaction parameters which are not expressed in the Reach API or the Algorand ABI standards.
 * Step 20 calls a remote object at ./gh-1183.rsh:229:43:application. This means that Reach's conservative analysis of resource utilization and fees is incorrect, because we cannot take into account the needs of the remote object. Furthermore, the remote object may require special transaction parameters which are not expressed in the Reach API or the Algorand ABI standards.
 * Step 20 calls a remote object at ./gh-1183.rsh:251:42:application. This means that Reach's conservative analysis of resource utilization and fees is incorrect, because we cannot take into account the needs of the remote object. Furthermore, the remote object may require special transaction parameters which are not expressed in the Reach API or the Algorand ABI standards.
WARNING: The Solidity compiler, run with optimization, fails on this program, but succeeds without optimization. This indicates a problem with Solidity that Reach is not working around; typically, because it is not possible to do so. You could report this error to Solidity (or Reach). If you do so, this is the message from Solidity:
The bytecode exceeds the maximum limit; it is 45328, but the limit is 24576
WARNING: The Solidity compiler, run with optimization, fails on this program, but succeeds without optimization. This indicates a problem with Solidity that Reach is not working around; typically, because it is not possible to do so. You could report this error to Solidity (or Reach). If you do so, this is the message from Solidity:
The bytecode exceeds the maximum limit; it is 44240, but the limit is 24576
